---
path: '/courses/teknologi/building-microservices'
date: '2022-03-09T09:00'
endDate: '2022-03-11T16:00'
confirmed: true
location: 'Online'
title: 'Building Microservices'
teacher: 'Sam Newman'
description:
  "This is an interactive, online, three day workshop that helps you design
  and adopt microservices. We'll share some framing for micro service
  architectures that explore the various forces that can drive the design and
  evolution of microservices, and then you'll participate in a series of
  interactive architectural kata exercises to put your new found knowledge to
  the test."
updated: '2021-09-03'
author: 'Thomas Malt'
email: 'academy@knowit.no'
image: '/assets/teknologi/sam_newman.jpg'
---

This is an interactive, online, three day workshop that helps you design and
adopt microservices.

There is lots of theory out there about microservice architecture, but how
often do you get to put that knowledge into practice? It's not feasible to
re-architect your real system often, and certainly not in a single day, or is
it? This brand new workshop from the author of Building Microservices gives
you a safe space to explore ideas behind microservice architectures with peers
from other organisations.

In this workshop, we'll share some framing for micro service architectures
that explore the various forces that can drive the design and evolution of
microservices, and then you'll participate in a series of interactive
architectural kata exercises to put your new found knowledge to the test.
Afterwards, you'll have a series of tools to take back to your own
organisations to put into practice.

# What you'll learn

<iframe width="720" height="404" 
  style="width: 100%; 
    padding-top: 24px;"
  src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/SKt1RfOmR3U" frameborder="0" 
  allow="accelerometer; autoplay; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" 
  allowfullscreen>
</iframe>

- What makes a good microservice
- How to use concepts from domain driven design to define service boundaries
- Explore how to plan and manage a migration from a monolith to the
  microservice architecture
- Understand how technical choices can impact the architecture itself
- How to manage change and governance in a microservice environment

# About Sam Newman

Sam Newman is an author, speaker, and independent consultant interested in
cloud, continuous delivery and microservices. Aside from other things he has
spoken at more than a few conferences, and wrote some things including the
books [Building Microservices](http://buildingmicroservices.com/) and
[Monolith To Microservices](https://samnewman.io/books/monolith-to-microservices/)
for O'Reilly.

More about Sam Newman: https://samnewman.io/about/
