---
path: '/courses/teknologi/agile-development'
date: '2022-02-07 10:00'
endDate: '2022-02-08 16:00'
confirmed: true
location: 'Olympen, Grønlandsleiret 15, 0190 Oslo'
title: 'Agile Development Best Practices'
teacher: 'Dr. Venkat Subramaniam'
description:
  'This course focuses on some of the technical practices that developers can
  apply to succeed in their agile development. The content is targeted towards
  midlevel to senior developers, lead develoers, those who can influence and
  participate towards the success of their teams application development.'
image: '/assets/teknologi/venkat_subramaniam.jpg'
updated: '2021-10-22'
author: 'Thomas Malt'
---

# About the workshop

Agile development is all about succeeding in our efforts with the help of
short, meaningful feedback loops. If we're not succeeding, then we ought to
change our practices. If we are succeeding, then we should not care what to
call it.

The goal is not to be agile, but to succeed. With that thought in mind, we ask
what set of technical practices can lead to sustainable development and reduce
risk?

This course focuses on some of the technical practices that developers can
apply to succeed in their agile development. The content is targeted towards
midlevel to senior developers, lead develoers, those who can influence and
participate towards the success of their teams' application development. This
course involves a good balance of lectures and hands-on exercises. Certain
parts will involve writing code and certain parts will involve devising a
design or coming up with architectural recommendations.

# What you'll learn

- Creating evolutionary design: Approaches to mitigate risks
- Design Patterns: from problem to pattern via principles
- Influence of lambdas on Patterns
- Architectural Patterns: from Problem to Practical Solutions
- Principles for designing Microservices
- Design in the world of Microservices

# About Dr. Venkat Subramaniam

Dr. Venkat Subramaniam is an award-winning author, founder of Agile Developer,
Inc., and an instructional professor at the University of Houston. He has
mentored tens of thousands of software developers in the US, Canada, Europe,
and Asia, and is a regularly-invited speaker at several international
conferences. Venkat helps his clients effectively apply and succeed with agile
practices on their software projects.

Venkat is a (co)author of multiple books, including the 2007 Jolt Productivity
award winning book Practices of an Agile Developer. His latest book is
Test-Driving JavaScript Applications: Rapid, Confident, Maintainable Code.
Venkat is a well-recognized person in the software communities. He was once a
recipient of the MicroSoft MVP award. He has received JavaOne RockStar award
three years in a row and was inducted into the Java Champions program in 2013
for his efforts in motivating and inspiring software developers around the
world.

Venkat has been in the training, consulting, and mentoring business
since 1996. He is recognized for his pragmatic approach, dislike for
accidental complexity, continuous effort to seek minimalistic design, and
simpler solutions.
