---
path: '/courses/design/Strategic business thinking'
confirmed: false
date: '2023-03-23'
location: 'Knowit. Universitetsgata 7. Oslo'
title: 'Strategic business thinking'
teacher: 'Ryan Rumsey'
description:
  '«The key area of focus in decision-making is a systems problem to solve. In
  this deep dive, we’ll review two critical frameworks – EcoSystem Mapping;
  map the transactions between actors, products, and channels with your
  business – situation, complication, Resolution (SCR); a storytelling
  structure to identify opportunities & risk in trade-off decisions.» Kurset
  går over 2 dager + innleveringsoppgave. Samlingen er på engelsk.'
updated: '2022-08-18'
author: 'Øyvind Brande-Lien'
email: 'academy@knowit.no'
image: '/assets/ryan.jpg'
---

Innleveringsoppgaven er et tilbud til de som har tid og motivasjon til å jobbe
videre med tematikken. Det er en oppgave du gjør selv eller sammen med noen
andre og leverer inn til gruppen for å få tilbakemelding.

## Hva du lærer

### Part 1

- Intro to strategic business thinking for Academy students and invites
- The key area of focus is decision-making is a systems problem to solve. In
  this deep dive, we’ll review two critical frameworks
  - EcoSystem Mapping; map the transactions between actors, products, and
    channels with your business
  - Situation, Complication, Resolution (SCR); a storytelling structure to
    identify opportunities & risk in trade-off decisions

### Part 2

The key area of focus is connecting design decisions to business outcomes.
We’ll learn two frameworks:

- Strategy Maps; mapping the logical, cause-and-effect connection between
  strategic objectives
- Design Scorecards; Combining Strategy Maps with OKRs to measure and monitor
  design decisions over time

## Om foredragsholderen(e)

Ryan helps designers become damn good leaders and executives.

He writes about my experiences. He coaches others how to take on their most
difficult challenges. He teaches people how to create real, meaningful change
as founder of Second Wave Dive.
